(gentle pensive music)
[Florist] Thank you so much!
Huh?
(sighs) So busy.
(gentle pensive music)
(gentle pensive music continues)
(Himawari giggles)
-(footsteps pattering)
-Hmm?
I'm home!
Well, I'm just going
to leave it up to
Himawari to decide
what she wants to be.
What are you guys talking about?
Hey, Himawari, welcome home.
We were just discussing
your career path.
Have you ever given any
thought to whether or not
you'd like to be
become a shinobi?
Huh? I haven't
decided on anything.
Oh, I see.
Some members of the Hyuga Clan
have just assumed that your
going to become a shinobi.
I mean, it does
kind of make sense
your rightfully a member
of the clan, after all.
I can understand why people
might think that, but...
Himawari can decide
what she wants to be
for herself, can't she?
There's no need for her
to just follow the pack.
You know, to be completely
honest with you,
I sorta thought that you
were already dead set
on becoming a shinobi, as well.
Oh, so, um, they're
holding one of these soon.
What do you think?
Would you like to go?
A one-day Academy trial session?
It's your chance to experience
what being a shinobi
is really like.
Wow, what a cool idea!
Okay, sounds fun, I'll go.
-(opening theme music)
-(singing in Japanese)
Well, first off, thank you all
for coming to the
Academy's trial session.
The reason we have
this class is to give
anyone who might be interested
in becoming a shinobi,
a sneak peek into the
stuff they'll get to do
if they end up
coming here to study.
Ultimately, I hope that
today will help you
in deciding what you
want to be in the future.
Anyway, what do you say
we get you guys started
on your trial session?
Do your best out
there and have fun!
[Students] Yes, Sir!
I, I'm Yuina Itomaki.
It's very nice to
meet all of you.
My name's Ehou Norimaki,
nice to meet you!
And I'm Himawari Uzumaki.
I, uh, I'm still not
sure if I wanna be a-
-Did you say Uzumaki?
-Hmm?
The same as Lord Hokage?
The Hokage's my da...
Uh, I mean, he's my father.
(Ehou and Yuina gasp)
It's no wonder at all
that you're surprised.
The reason is-
Are you seriously the
Hokage's daughter?
Uh, Yeah. (giggles)
Wow, no way!
I can't believe I actually
get to go through the
trial session with you!
I'm looking forward to
working with you both today.
(hands clap)
Right, now, all of you are
going to get to experience
a variety of different
Academy classes.
(birds twittering)
This is the training ground
where we determine your
physical abilities.
(students gasp)
Now, listen, this isn't
meant to be a competition.
Each of you simply try to reach
the goal at your own pace.
All right, ready?
Begin!
(Himawari grunting)
(Ehou grunting)
Huh?
Uh-huh, wow, all
right, I've got this!
(Himawari grunting)
Hey, pretty good!
You too, Ehou!
(Ehou grunts)
(Himawari swooshes)
(Himawari and Ehou grunt)
-(Ehou panting)
-(Yuina grunts)
Himawari, you're amazing!
You came in first.
Ehou was really fast, too.
I was surprised how fast.
(Ehou groans)
Man, you're the daughter
of the Hokage, after all!
Let's go one more time!
Hey, come on.
Didn't I say this
isn't a competition?
Still, I must say,
the both of you
look like you've been
training quite hard.
(chuckles) Well, yeah, of
course it looks like that.
'Cause I mean, after all,
my grandpa does oversee my
training every single day!
Well, all right, then, you guys.
Do you think you can do this?
-Awesome!
-(Himawari and Ehou gasp)
I definitely haven't
learned how to do that yet.
Well, all that you need to do
is to focus infused chakra
onto the soles of your feet.
All right!
(Ehou grunts)
(Ehou thuds)
Aw, come on!
Okay, I'll try it, too.
(Yuina grunts)
It's really hard to do that.
All right, let me try.
Ah.
(Ehou and Yuina gasp)
(Himawari yelps)
(Himawari thuds)
I guess I can't
do it, after all.
To tell you the truth, I'm
rather relieved that you can't.
The reason is because
then we instructors
wouldn't have much of
anything left to teach you.
(students laughing)
(rock music)
(rock music continues)
Ehou is amazing, too,
but I can't believe
that you know Shuriken
Jutsu, Himawari.
(giggles) Oh, sometimes I train
with my big brother, that's all.
All right, I've decided
that you're worthy enough
to be my rival, Himawari.
(laughs) What's that about?
I swear I'm not
gonna lose to you.
I mean, you're gonna become
a shinobi too, aren't you?
Huh?
Actually, I haven't decided yet.
(sighs) Are you being serious?
I actually lost to
someone like you?
(footsteps tapping)
Huh?
Now we're going to switch
up the venues a bit
and let all of you take
part in a simple mission.
All right!
Hey, let's all do our best to
make this mission a success!
Look, don't get
ahead of yourself.
I'm gonna be the
one who stands out.
Huh?
I came to this session
with my mind already made
up to become a shinobi.
There's no way I'm gonna lose
to someone who hasn't
decided on anything!
Hey, that's enough.
For this trial mission,
teamwork between the three
of you as a squad is crucial.
The way that you're
behaving, you won't succeed.
Fine.
The trial mission's
about to begin.
I'm going to head out shortly
so that I can observe.
Just imagine!
There's a chance that
Naruto's daughter
will attend the Academy one day.
It leaves me at a
complete loss for words.
First there was Boruto
and now possibly his sister
coming to the Academy!
Nothing could please us
more, wouldn't you say?
(sighs) You know what?
You're really lucky.
It's just that as their teacher,
you have the good luck
of getting to interact
personally with all
of the students.
(sighs) But as their principal,
I don't even get to teach
any classes whatsoever,
so I'm kinda stuck here.
Uh, well, uh, sir, would
you like to come along too?
And observe the mission
together with me?
[Principal] Really?
Well, all right, you ready?
Ehou's pretty amazing, huh?
I mean, he already knows
he wants to be a shinobi!
Uh, yeah.
I guess that's why his
reflexes are so good.
(Yuina laughs)
On today's mission,
you're going to be
searching for a lost cat!
A lost cat, seriously?
The information we have
indicates that it
ran into the park
somewhere right over here.
So, you three are going
to go in to search for it.
But this park is seriously huge.
Now, these are signal flares.
If you run into some difficulty
and decide it's going
to be impossible
for you to continue
with the mission,
then just use these and
we'll step in immediately.
Although, doing so will mean
that you all fail the mission.
So if we use this,
that means it's all
over and we fail, huh?
All right, the three of you
must work together on this
mission and do your very best.
[Ehou and Yuina] Ma'am!
Ah, yes, ma'am!
How are we supposed to
search this whole place?
Yeah, seriously, this
place is so huge.
I wonder if we can
find any clues to help.
Ah.
[Himawari and Ehou] Huh?
(bushes rustling)
Found 'em.
[Himawari] Are those...
Animals can leave
all kinds of tracks
and signs behind when
they're moving around.
You're amazing, Yuina!
Now, since it's someone's pet,
I'm sure that it's really
scared to be out here.
So, to protect itself,
it'll probably take shelter
and hide in a dark
or isolated place.
Incredible, Yuina, you
really know your stuff.
(chuckles) Well, I
did make up my mind
to become a shinobi in
the future, too, so-
(Himawari gasps)
So, so, I've just studied
up on a whole lot of things.
Oh.
Okay, let's go.
Mm-hmm.
(footsteps pattering)
Oh.
(Himawari gasps)
(teachers swooshing)
(Ehou groans)
Let's see, here.
I wonder how they're
doing so far?
(bushes rustling)
Huh?
[Himawari] I'm the only one
who hasn't made up my mind
about what I want to be.
[Ehou] Hey!
Huh?
If you don't wanna help
us search, then leave.
Listen, the two of us
want to become shinobi,
so we wanna show all the sensei
everything that
we're capable of.
Huh? I'm sorry.
Himawari, it's just...
Ah, oh no! (gasping)
What happened?
I think the rock that I
just threw may have hit it!
[Himawari and Yuina] Huh?
(swarm buzzing)
(students screaming)
-(students screaming)
-(swarm buzzing)
We'll be fine if we
can keep our distance!
-Hey, don't!
-But!
Come on! Just outrun 'em!
(swarm buzzing)
(bushes rustling)
Oh, good, we
managed to get away.
Oh, yeah.
You were gonna use the
flare, weren't you?
Uh, I just thought it
would have been so horrible
if we ended up
getting hurt out here.
Whatever, this may
be a game to you,
but I'm dead serious.
So, do not you even think
about using it for
something as minor as that.
I know they've already seen
that I'm suited to be a shinobi,
so don't you dare
interfere, got it?
(Himawari grunts)
I just can't go on a mission
with somebody like you
who doesn't have their heart
set on becoming a shinobi!
(Himawari gasps)
Yuina, it's just us two now.
But, Ehou?
It's fine, come on.
(Yuina sighs)
(Himawari sighs)
(footsteps crunching)
Huh?
Huh? Mr. Principal!
(sigh) Oh dear, it seems
the three-man squad's
been broken up.
(Himawari sighs)
I realize that maybe I haven't
been putting enough thought
into anything up until now.
(Principal sighs)
So, it's time for me to decide
just what I'm going
to do, isn't it?
Then, I'll become a shinobi!
You can take part in
this trial session
even if you haven't
reached a decision
about anything just yet.
[Himawari] Huh?
It's only natural to feel
some doubt and uncertainty
when you're still
unsure about what path
you might really
want to take in life.
One of the reasons we hold
trial sessions such as this one
is to motivate you into
thinking about all the options
that are available to you.
The options?
For now, why don't you just try
completing the trial session,
and then you can
think more about it.
It won't be too late
for you even then.
Um, I understand.
Okay then, I'll keep at
it until the very end.
Besides, I'd feel awful if I
were to give up on a mission
when I'm still in
the middle of it.
(chuckles) Spoken just
like Naruto's child.
It seems that you've
inherited his gutsiness.
His gut, gutsy what?
Uh, hold on, what is that?
It just means it's
very important
that you never give up.
Hmm.
All right, now that
that's decided,
I have to go
complete the mission
and then make Ehou
take back what he said.
Ah, hey, hold on.
It's still a three-man squad,
so be nice and get along.
(chuckles) Oh, right.
Okay, I gotta get going now.
Right, just be careful,
okay? (chuckles)
(cat yawns)
[Yuina] Is that the kitty?
Yeah, it looks like
we finally found him.
That means we've
completed the mission.
Yeah, but was it really okay
for us to just leave
Himawari behind like that?
Oh, just shut up!
It doesn't matter
if she isn't here.
Let's just get him quickly.
(cat yowls)
-(Ehou grunts)
-(Ehou and Yuina thud)
-(cat meowing angrily)
-You got him!
All right, let's get back.
-(boards cracking)
-(cat yowling)
-(Ehou and Yuina scream)
-(board clattering)
(Himawari swooshes)
I gotta catch up with
those guys, and fast!
But where? Where are they?
(Himawari gasps)
(birds twittering)
(Ehou groaning)
It's impossible to climb
up out of here that way.
Why'd this happen?
We caught the cat
and everything!
What do we do now?
How could this happen?
If Himawari were
here along with us,
I really don't think
that this would've-
Are you trying to say
that this is my fault?
[Himawari] Hey,
are you guys okay?
[Ehou and Yuina] Huh?
Did you get hurt when
you fell in there?
It's Himawari!
What's she doing here?
Hold on for a sec!
I'll go look for something
that you can use
to climb back up!
[Ehou] Wait!
We don't need your help!
(Himawari gasps)
I'd rather die than accept
help from someone like you!
(Himawari sighs)
What does it matter?
We already failed the mission.
But now there's a chance
for us to save it.
Shut up! Just shut up!
I just don't want her
help, and that's that!
You hear me?
I'm not gonna accept your help!
I don't even care
about the mission!
What a big pain,
it's all over now.
Are you seriously gonna give up?
(Ehou gasps)
You told me earlier not to
use that, no matter what.
Uh, well, that was,
um, it's different.
Didn't you already decide
that you want to
become a shinobi?
And now you're just
gonna give it all up?
(Ehou gasps)
Well, I, I mean it's just...
Look, even I can't...
No, I don't really
want to give up.
Then don't.
You can just choose not to.
Himawari.
(Yuina chuckles)
Look, Sensei told us
that this is a mission
for a three-man squad, right?
So, if the three of us just
work together, we can do it.
Yeah, that's what
we were told, but-
Let's try our best.
Come on, we've all
gotta move as one!
Ah, okay.
[All] Ready, go.
Ready, go.
Awesome, we'll complete this
mission, no matter what!
[Ehou and Yuina] Yeah!
[All] Ready, go.
Ready, go.
(students panting)
We did it.
-We made it out!
-(cat yowls)
Yeah, we actually
pulled it off, you guys!
So, um, listen.
Huh?
Sorry about everything
that I said.
Uh, Ehou.
Anyway, now you can just hit
me until you feel better.
Huh?
I'm not asking, I'm telling you!
No. I don't wanna.
I already forgot all about it.
No way, that doesn't sit
right with me, you hear?
Come on!
Yuina, what am I
supposed to do here?
(Yuina laughing)
[Ehou] Hit me!
[Himawari] Ah, no.
[Ehou] Come on, come at me.
[Himawari] Ah, I can't do that.
I almost stepped
in, but in the end,
they managed to turn the
mission into a success.
[Instructor] All three of
them have a lot of potential.
Yeah, looks like it. (chuckles)
(upbeat music)
All three of you really
outdid yourselves today.
So, job well done, guys.
[Students] Thank you very
much for the opportunity.
(students laughing)
[Himawari] Being a
shinobi's so fun!
So, what happened during
the trial session?
We were all really focused
on the mission's success,
and it felt super great when
we managed to complete it.
So, does this mean
that you've decided
to become a shinobi?
Mommy, Boruto, I think
I really wanna learn
about all kinds of jobs!
Huh?
I mean, there are a whole
lot of other kinds of things
that people can do, right?
There are places
like the flower shop
and the ninja tool shop.
There are people who draw things
and also people who
protect the village.
Oh, and people at
the post office.
So, just what are
you telling us?
That you've already decided
you don't want to
become a shinobi?
No, it isn't that.
I kind of wanna think about
what other things I can do
besides being a shinobi.
I wonder what would
be a good fit?
I mean, I really do
like to draw a lot,
and I also like to
cook stuff, too.
But, at the same time, I like
being active and
moving around, as well!
Yeah, it's tough.
I wonder what you're gonna
be best suited for, Himawari?
Oh, yeah, big brother,
I want to study about
lots of other things, too!
So, will you help me?
Uh, okay.
(Himawari giggles)
(closing theme music)
(somber music)
[Mitsuki] Yes, it was
raining that night.
Mikazuki led me to him
and that was the
first time we met.
His name, where he came from,
if he's a bad person or not,
none of that mattered
in the beginning.
Mikazuki took a liking
to him as well, but...
Next time on Boruto
Naruto Next Generations.
Mitsuki's Rainy Day.
Maybe we weren't actually
meant to meet, after all.
(closing theme music)